what's up guys I'm just here with a
quick battle gets Joey pokey aim if you
want to see his side of it it's on P&P
right now today so go over there check
it out and probably all you have um this
one do a quick little update i just
started school so i'm not going to have
a whole lot of time but i will try to
get four to five videos up per week when
I can I have to take two trains to
school two trains back in the fear of
class every day so that it's six hours
like just even not home at all it's
really ridiculous but um yeah so I do
have like mornings and stuff to do stuff
which is what I'll probably do it so um
yes anyway so we're mono typing and uh I
think I just keep earth-quaking because
he thinks you know he's I can't go fire
type because fire fire and he knows that
I know that he has Rotom so I won't go
for the earthquake anymore but I just
keep doing it and then I switched there
because I knew he's gonna switch minute
know what to so that helps uh I just go
for the flame chart for no reason was
excited I feel like he can't do anything
to me um he's gonna go for the will was
they're predicting the switch and I just
don't you know no fear shakespeare and
go for the fireboats it doesn't do
anything to these bulky and is resisted
but um yeah so Thunderbolt I'm a Crip
takes me out doesn't matter too much um
yeah not really a lot big daddy's coming
in all right so he's gonna miss will
with that matters of locks I don't know
if you have guts and I'm gonna sub and
I'm gonna kick off and um now that I'm
sub P screwed so I'm just gonna go if
the focus punch he's gonna go for the
federal break my sub it does break my
sub no problem not a big deal um and I'm
gonna focus about him dying cuz focused
when 20 kids everything in the game ever
not really but at 2k was skarmory so
that's useful and incomes ape he's
banded I'm gonna go for the mock punch
just cause and then that's a bandage
close combat coming at my face
look at that it does freakin nothing
well it does a lot but considering at
the Bandit stabbed let's gone back yeah
but he has a switch with the other
defense drop I predict that go for the
payback and kill Chandelure cuz I'm you
know pretty good at the game at least
might like Joey anyway not really Joey
usually kind of hacks is Mila I guess
but anyway predicting the clothes come
back when we go out into galley it's my
wall gal aid I don't expected to do
anything except you know fodder it's
hoping maybe I'll you fast racking up
with better wave but I can't so he is
scarfed but I don't read any speed is
just for trick so yeah that's why I
tried it Hass p but I didn't work um now
I know he's afraid I didn't want to risk
sending up a sub because he could just
ko'd me so I just went for the Mach
punch and he trans going to come in
pretty much as death fodder and my punch
will tak out and that's you can't really
ask much more i go for the sub
predicting the power hacks I don't get
it like I figured you know what it's
worth a shot because I have priority
anyway and that's going to be it for the
heat ran now he wants to let it die
because he can't bring in heat ray
infernape on the switch and that's
pretty much it right there he goes for
the mac punch and doesn't kill me cuz
he's weak sauce another one tray uh oh
ha ha ha ha ha ha um yeah ok so he's
gonna kill me there so do they do
anything cuz 50 is gonna come in he's
locked in to mock much I don't really
give a crap I'm gonna go for my own
mouth punch cuz i don't want to reveal
if i have drained punch or close combat
and don't want him to know so I'm just
know for the mouth lunch anyway I my
home's comes in my humps my lovely
camera pumps uh and looks like I'm gonna
be able to AKO with the dream hunters on
still have lefties and he actually does
have lefties and he thought he would
live cuz I did exactly half the first
time but turns out that i actually get
max damage this time and I'm gonna KO
and Link it was effected to full health
and fifty is amazing in
comes he Daruma which is so much better
than our man tan and only go from our
punches some yeah damage and he's gonna
kill me you're the high boots and that's
you know what are you gonna do going to
polymath don't know any polymath I just
couldn't think of a nickname so I just
put back instead of wrath cuz i'm cool
like that great okay so um yeah can do
that and um oh yes i switch out to win
yes oh such a good boy instead of a draw
but you know we just went for the win
cuz you know go to sacrificial anyway
and that's gonna be it so good game
coverage sub and check out Joey he's in
the description and by